Congratulations! We
accomplished a lot together.
Let's take time to
quickly go through
all the new concepts we covered.
We started this
course by focusing on
working with strings and lists.
We learned methods that work
specifically with
these data types.
We also learned to work with
indices and extract
information we need.
Next, we focused on
writing algorithms.
We wrote a simple
algorithm that sliced
the network ID from a
list of IP addresses.
Finally, we covered using
regular expressions.
Regular expressions allow
you to search for patterns,
and this provides
expanded ways to
locate what you need in
logs and other files.
These are complex concepts,
and you're always
welcome to visit the videos
again whenever you like.
With these concepts, you took
a big step towards being able to
work with data and write
the algorithms that security
professionals need.
Throughout the rest
of this course,
you're going to get
more practice with
Python and what it can
offer to security analysts.